feat: improve view access control docs (#555)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/integrations/spring/view-based-access-control.asciidoc

*This is where view-based access control comes in*, to fully secure views in Vaadin Flow applications in a very flexible way, based on different access level annotations.
The view-based access control mechanism uses the `@AnonymousAllowed`, `@PermitAll`, `@RolesAllowed`, and `@DenyAll` annotations on view classes to define the access control rules.
**By default any view without an annotation is secured - it acts like it would have the `@DenyAll` annotation in it.**

.The use of annotations in Vaadin Fusion
[TIP]
Although the same set of annotations are used to define the security access control rules on endpoints of a <<{articles}/fusion/overview#,Vaadin Fusion>> application, this document does not describe how to secure client-side views.
It is described in <<{articles}/fusion/security/configuring#,Configuring Security>> in Fusion documentation.

> The approach of the of this documentation is based on Vaadin's Spring Boot and Spring Security autoconfiguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The approach of this documentation is based on Vaadin's Spring Boot and Spring Security auto-configuration.
```

}
----

.Example of inheriting security annotations from parent class
[source,java]
----
@RolesAllowed("ROLE_ADMIN")
public abstract class AbstractAdminView extends VerticalLayout {
    // ...
}

> @Route(value = "user-listing")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@Route("user-listing")
```

@PageTitle("User Listing")
public class UserListingView extends AbstractAdminView {
    // ...
}
----

Like shown by the last example above, the security annotations are inherited from the closest parent class that has them.

> Interfaces are not checked, only classes.

Reviewer: I'd propose to add one more sentence, however it might be evident:
If both parent class and child class have the security annotation, only child class annotation would be taken into account, and parent's class annotation ignored.

Author: Done
